**You have received the software as part of the Visual Studio 9.0 Beta Program. 
The terms and conditions of the Visual Studio 9.0, Beta 1 license agreement 
applies to your use of the software.** MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE LICENSE 
TERMS MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO 9.0 PROFESSIONAL, BETA 1 These license terms are 
an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of 
its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to the pre-release 
software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any. 
The terms also apply to any Microsoft ¡E updates, ¡E supplements, ¡E Internet-based 
services, and ¡E support services for this software, unless other terms accompany 
those items. If so, those terms apply. BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE 
TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE. If you comply with 
these license terms, you have the rights below. 1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. 
¡E General. You may install and use one copy of the software on your premises to 
design, develop and test your programs for use with the software. ¡E Evaluation 
Only. The software is for evaluation purposes only. You may not distribute any 
program you develop with the software. ¡E Included Microsoft Programs. These 
license terms apply to all Microsoft programs included with the software. ¡E 
Third Party Programs. The software contains third party programs. The license 
terms with those programs apply to your use of them. 2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. 
Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software. It may change or 
cancel them at any time. 3. TIME-SENSITIVE SOFTWARE. The software will stop 
running on 15 March 2008. You will not receive any other notice. You may not be 
able to access data used with the software when it stops running. 4. PRE-RELEASE 
SOFTWARE. This software is a pre-release version. It may not work the way a 
final version of the software will. We may change it for the final, commercial 
version. We also may not release a commercial version. 5. FEEDBACK. If you give 
feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to Microsoft, without charge, 
the right to use, share and commercialize your feedback in any way and for any 
purpose. You also give to third parties, without charge, any patent rights 
needed for their products, technologies and services to use or interface with 
any specific parts of a Microsoft software or service that includes the 
feedback. You will not give feedback that is subject to a license that requires 
Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties because we 
include your feedback in them. These rights survive this agreement. 6. SCOPE OF 
LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some 
rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless 
applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the 
software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must 
comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use 
it in certain ways. You may not ¡E disclose the results of any benchmark tests of 
the software to any third party without Microsoft¡¦s prior written approval; ¡E 
work around any technical limitations in the software; ¡E reverse engineer, 
decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that 
applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation; ¡E make more copies of 
the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, 
despite this limitation; ¡E publish the software for others to copy; ¡E rent, 
lease or lend the software; ¡E transfer the software or this agreement to any 
third party; or ¡E use the software for commercial software hosting services. 7. 
EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The software is subject to United States export laws and 
regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and 
regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions on 
destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see 
www.microsoft.com/exporting. 8. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is ¡§as 
is,¡¨ we may not provide support services for it. 9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This 
agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and 
support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and 
support services. 10. APPLICABLE LAW. a. United States. If you acquired the 
software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation 
of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict 
of laws principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all other 
claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair 
competition laws, and in tort. b. Outside the United States. If you acquired the 
software in any other country, the laws of that country apply. 11. LEGAL EFFECT. 
This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under 
the laws of your country. You may also have rights with respect to the party 
from whom you acquired the software. This agreement does not change your rights 
under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to 
do so. 12. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED ¡§AS-IS.¡¨ YOU BEAR 
THE RISK OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR 
CONDITIONS. YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL CONSUMER RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH 
THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, 
MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 13. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF 
REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY 
DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING 
CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. This 
limitation applies to ¡E anything related to the software, services, content 
(including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and ¡E 
claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, 
strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by 
applicable law. It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known 
about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not 
apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of 
incidental, consequential or other damages. Please note: As this software is 
distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are 
provided below in French. Remarque : Ce logiciel etant distribue au Quebec, 
Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en 
francais. EXONERATION DE GARANTIE. Le logiciel vise par une licence est offert ? 
tel quel ?. Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est a votre seule risque et peril. 
Microsoft n¡¦accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez beneficier de 
droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, 
que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, 
les garanties implicites de qualite marchande, d¡¦adequation a un usage 
particulier et d¡¦absence de contrefacon sont exclues. LIMITATION DES 
DOMMAGES-INTERETS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITE POUR LES DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez 
obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages 
directs uniquement a hauteur de 5,00 $ US. Vous ne pouvez pretendre a aucune 
indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages speciaux, 
indirects ou accessoires et pertes de benefices. Cette limitation concerne : ¡E 
tout ce qui est relie au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le 
code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ; et ¡E 
les reclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de 
responsabilite stricte, de negligence ou d¡¦une autre faute dans la limite 
autorisee par la loi en vigueur. Elle s¡¦applique egalement, meme si Microsoft 
connaissait ou devrait connaitre l¡¦eventualite d¡¦un tel dommage. Si votre pays 
n¡¦autorise pas l¡¦exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilite pour les dommages 
indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la 
limitation ou l¡¦exclusion ci-dessus ne s¡¦appliquera pas a votre egard. EFFET 
JURIDIQUE. Le present contrat decrit certains droits juridiques. Vous pourriez 
avoir d¡¦autres droits prevus par les lois de votre pays. Le present contrat ne 
modifie pas les droits que vous conferent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne 
le permettent pas. 